This is PARI/GP, version 2.0.x.beta (*).

The `beta' status means that a substantial amount of testing has been done,
but bugs might still be lurking in the code and the documentation might not
be absolutely accurate. Apart from this word of caution, we believe this
version is stable enough to be released for public use and for site-wide
installations.

It is important for you and for us that you try this new version and send us
feedback, so than we can incorporate fixes and improvements into the
forthcoming `release' version. As usual for bug reports, try to make them
easily reproducible (using e.g. setrand(1)). Always include the GP header
and, if relevant, the Configure log.

Some binaries can be found at the address

  ftp://megrez.math.u-bordeaux.fr/pub/pari

(*) Version numbers have the shape: MAJOR.MINOR.patchlevel.status. The status
increases through {alpha, beta, release}. New features are introduced during
the `alpha' phase, tested during `beta', and declared stable when `release'
is reached. The MAJOR version number (currently 2) won't change for a while,
the MINOR version number (0) increases when a new status cycle starts (as
soon as a `release' version is out), and the patchlevel goes up each time we
feel an upgrade is necessary (improvement, bugfix, ...). `Release' versions
may be updated with further patchlevels if sufficiently important bugs need
to be fixed before the next cycle reaches completion.
==========================================================================

To get started, run TeX on the file INSTALL.tex and have a look at the dvi
(extracted verbatim from Appendix A of the user manual). If you are in a
hurry, look at INSTALL.DOC (ascii file). But a lot of information is missing
there.

Typing 'make doc' should typeset the PARI/GP user's manual, a tutorial and
reference card in directory doc.

See the files NEW and COMPAT for new features and incompatible changes
respectively between 2.0 and older versions. See Changelog for (a terse
description of) subsequent patches.

The file README.DOS is specific to DOS, OS/2 and Windows users.

For the adventurous:
* If you want to check up-to-date, but possibly unstable, development
versions of PARI/GP or do development work yourself, see the file CVS.DOC.

* Directory Odos/ contains information to compile binaries on DOS-based
systems (DOS, OS/2, Win3.1, Win95/98/NT/CE).

Afterwards, you're on your own...

==========================================================================

There are three mailing lists devoted to the PARI/GP package (run courtesy of
Dan Bernstein), and most feedback should be directed to those. They are:

- pari-announce: to announce major version changes. You can't write to this
one, but you should probably subscribe.

- pari-dev: for everything related to the development of PARI, including
suggestions, technical questions, bug reports or patch submissions.

- pari-users: for everything else.

To subscribe, send empty messages respectively to

   pari-announce-subscribe@list.cr.yp.to
   pari-users-subscribe@list.cr.yp.to
   pari-dev-subscribe@list.cr.yp.to

If you are not a member of any of those lists and don't want to become
one, you can write to us at

  pari@math.u-bordeaux.fr

At the very least, we will forward your mail to the lists above and correct
faulty behaviour, if necessary. But we cannot promise you will get an
individual answer.

Last but not least, PARI home page (courtesy of Gerhard Niklasch) can be
found at

  http://hasse.mathematik.tu-muenchen.de/ntsw/pari/

  Thanks for your support, and have fun !
